{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 6 Players I Just Nuked in My Rankings - YouTube\
\
Transcripts:\
(00:00) Yeah, this will not be a fun video to make. These are the most disappointing, underperforming, the guys I had to nuke in the rankings over the past two weeks. Starting with Derrick Henry. Now, Dererick Henry, you know, I am [sighs and gasps] an enemy of. Yes, Dererick Henry personally knows me. We've gone back quite some time and for three years now, I've been the boy who cried wolf, screaming for his downfall, thinking, "Oh my gosh, he can't keep doing this forever. He's 32 years old.\
(00:30) He doesn't catch the ball. He relies on big plays. Uh the defense gets worse. Blah blah blah. It's finally happening. Derrick Henry is finally falling off and it's right in front of our eyes and it's happening quickly, slowly, whatever you want to call it. Derrick Henry week one comes through and in a great game against the Buffalo Bills, he breaks off some long runs. He averages 9.\
(00:56) 4 4 yards per carry, 169 rushing yards, multiple receiving touchdowns, and he has 29 fantasy points. But since then, against the Cleveland Browns, in a game in which the Baltimore Ravens offense looks great, he has two and a half. Then against the Detroit Lions, he follows that up with 10.7. And then against the Kansas City Chiefs, he has 7.8.\
(01:18)  Now, I completely understand if you want to make an argument that this isn't on Derrick Henry, that this is on the offense, that this is on the defense, because let's be real with each other. Derrick Henry is in an environment in which the Baltimore Ravens need to be at least competitive in these games if he is going to be a part of the game plan.\
(01:37) Because the second the Baltimore Ravens fall behind in a big-time way where they are in obvious passing down scenarios, Derrick Henry is not the guy out there. it's instead going to be Justice Hill. So, if we take an assessment of where the Baltimore Ravens are, as of September 30th, 2025, Lamar Jackson is injured with a hamstring, and we don't really know the extent of it.\
(02:02)  The Baltimore Ravens defense is trotting out second, third stringers across the field, and they look like they have one of the worst defenses in the NFL. Derrick Henry has not been able to establish a run in the past three weeks because this defense is so bad and the offense is probably going to be worse with no Lamar Jackson.\
(02:20)  Now, this team's now one and three. If Lamar misses time and they lose more games, it can get real ugly real quick. Now, because I've done this show and dance before, because I've been the idiot who's cried wolf before, I am not going to move Derrick Henry down to RB 24 in my rankings. Obviously, I can't do that.\
(02:40) But I did move Derrick Henry down where he's no longer an A tier running back. The A tier running backs for me are Saquon Barkley, James Cook, A Cham Jacobs, Gent Hampton, and Bucky Irving. Obviously, Bucky Irving will see what the situation is with the MRI. I'll be live streaming later today. Just make sure you're subscribed and we'll talk about the Bucky Irving injury update and if he needs to move down these rankings himself.\
(03:06)  But Derrick Henry doesn't belong in that tier anymore. He's going to be the leader of B tier where I currently have him as RB12 in our rest of season rankings in a full PPR format. Now, the other running back that is past the age apex. The other running back that maybe ages somewhat of a concern is going to be Alvin Kamara.\
(03:26)  And Alvin Kamara as well has been very bad so far this season kind of quietly where in week one you get 13 and a half points. In week two you get 16. Then in week three, six and a half. In week four, 11.2. And we actually see Kendry Miller get involved against the Buffalo Bills this past week. And Kamar is now on a team that has nothing to play for.\
(03:49)  Now, I was maybe a little bit reluctant to move Alvin Kamara down as we should have at the very um beginning of week five, like whenever we were recording that video on Sunday night with our rest of season rankings. I still had Alvin Kamara near the top of tier B. And the reason for that is I'm sitting here thinking of, oh, what happens if Alvin Kamar can escape this situation? What happens if they can send him to an offense that's competent, that can move the ball down the field, that can have trips to the red zone?\
(04:20) That's a that's a pipe dream at this point. like there haven't really been any discussion surrounding Alvin Kamar's potential trade prospects. So I can't sit here and rank Alvin Kamar on the possibility of what if he gets traded. I kind of have to rank him as he is currently. And as he is currently is transitioning over to being a committee running back, one of league's worst offenses, and he doesn't have the receiving skill set he once did, where right now you're looking at a running back that's a season high as 21\
(04:52) receiving yards in a game. Now, going over and looking at Joe Mixon, um Joe Mixon may not be coming back this year. We got the report on September 29th that Joe Mixon remains without a timetable for a when slash if he returns this season. So, I had been holding out hope. I had been thinking that, oh, Joe Mixon may come back to this Texans team that's really bad, that has a really bad offensive line.\
(05:17)  But, this is another one of these older running backs that looks like he's turning to dust. It's right in front of our eyes. It's really sad. I don't know if we get to see him this year. I moved him down to RB 42 in our rankings. I mean, it's a surprising, but all these 2017 running backs, the only guy that still looks amazing is actually Christian McAffrey, who plays on Thursday.\
(05:40)  And funny enough, in that Thursday game, you can get a free Brock Pury pick, higher, lower, half a total yard on Underdog Fantasy. And on top of that, Underdog is running the biggest promo that I've seen them do since I've been working with them for five years now. And that's after you play your first $ five dollar with promo code Flock.\
(06:00)  You are going to get $100 added to your account and you'll get free questions that you can ask me on the live stream and we're going to be streaming every single night until Christmas. The links in the description, the links in the comment section. Underdog Fantasy is available in almost every single state. Now, moving over to the Cincinnati Bengals.\
(06:17)  We're going to be quick on this one because obviously I live streamed after the Bengals game on Monday night. We talked about the immediate implications of this and I moved Jamar Chase from being a high-end wide receiver one to being a a mid wide receiver one. Tiggins down to being a high-end wide receiver three and Chase Brown to being a high-end RB3.\
(06:37)  Actually, I think we moved Teiggins to being a highend wide receiver four now that I really think about it. And I just want to make the statement that Jamar Chase is still a mustart wide receiver every single week regardless of who's at quarterback. He's arguably the most talented wide receiver in the league. So, you are going to have to play him.\
(06:52) We still saw the 36 points in the game in which Jake Browning was the quarterback for the majority of it back in week two. So, you still are playing Jamar Chase sadly. Now, I'm going to do anything that I can to bench tigans myself while I am 4-0 in the flock league. My wide receiver room is subpar to say the least and I had been playing Teigans up until this point, but hell, I may be starting freaking Stefon Diggs over him and then Chase Brown.\
(07:18)  If you're in a deeper format, you probably start him off volume, but you're going to do anything that you can to avoid it. Now, I recently did have to look myself in the mirror and look at where we were ranking AJ Brown and move him down dramatically. And I at first wanted to say, well, you know what, with AJ Brown, let's give him the benefit of the doubt because he's one of the most talented wide receivers in the league.\
(07:40)  And really, it's just a four-week sample that he's been bad, so I don't want to move him down dramatically, blah blah blah. And then I went to the player comparison on flockfantasy.com. And on the site, you can actually play around with the player comparison and look at different time frames. And I wanted to compare AJ Brown in the last half of 2024 and the first four weeks of 2025.\
(08:06)  So, I wanted to see what has AG Brown been for the last 12 games and compare that to AG Brown from the first eight weeks of 2024 where we know AJ Brown normally to be. And what we see is you've actually seen decline from every major statistic. His yards per route run has fallen from 4.2 to 2.4. His yards per target has fallen from 14 to 8.9.\
(08:33) his touchdowns per game from 75 to 38. His receiving yards per game from 102 to 63. His receptions per game from 5.2 to 4.6. Everything has gotten worse. And honestly, the targets have actually stayed about the same. Target, 7.5 to 7.3. So AJ Brown sitting here crying like, "Brother, look yourself in the mirror.\
(08:59)  Maybe you're a big reason why you aren't producing and you can't blame everything on Jaylen Herz. I've moved AJ Brown down to wide receiver 17 which if anything still seems like it's too high considering the fact that we've now seen him over the past like 14 weeks but averaged 13.2 points per game and be the wide receiver 30 in fantasy during that time period.\
(09:23)  Now moving over to our next name it's going to be Jameson Williams. Um, Jameson Williams we have down at wide receiver 33. And honestly, very easily could fall beyond this. And you know what? I'm going to move Michael Pitman Jr. ahead of Jameson Williams now that I discussed this because if we look at JMO, y'all know I've never been a fan from a fantasy perspective.\
(09:42)  And the reason being is we've always said, well, you know what, great real life wide receiver. He's going to stretch NFL defenses, create space underneath for Sam Leaporta, for Avon St. Brown, for the running backs. He's going to be a great player for the Detroit Lions, but he's not going to command volume. Well, people tried to bamboozle us this year.\
(09:59) The offensive coordinator in Detroit came through and all he did all training camp was fluff Jameson Williams and tell us how Jameson Williams was the best wide receiver on the roster. And then they go out there and they give Jameson Williams all the money in the world and tell us, "Yeah, Jameson Williams going to be way more involved than he usually is.\
(10:20) " What has that led to? Jameson Williams so far this season's averaging fewer than three receptions a game. He is the same exact player that he's always been. He is a boom bust flex play that you can put in during the by-weeks and nothing else. And you can't say like, "Oh, it's because the Detroit Lions aren't." No, the Detroit Lions are producing.\
(10:39)  The Detroit Lions are doing exactly what you would want the Detroit Lions to do and it's working for them. So, they're not going to change it. They're going to continue to use Jameson Williams in this field stretching mold and they're just going to continue to funnel targets underneath for a Monroe St. Brown and let him move the chains.\
(10:53) Now, the next wide receiver that we had to nuke in our rankings is DJ Moore. We move DJ Moore down to wide receiver 39. It obviously it's over. Throw in the towel. Roma says the alpha. Roma says the clear wide receiver one. And on top of this, you have a shot that the rookies are expanding their roles coming out of the buy.\
(11:14)  You have Loveland getting the by-week to get back and be healthy. And on top of that, we actually now have Luther Burton getting a by-week to establish himself. And if you go back and if we look at what you historically have with rookie wide receivers. The vast majority of times they are going to be better after the by-week and that's when the breakout is going to be coming.\
(11:34) So, I think Luther Burton and honestly potentially Loveland are going to be expanding their roles in Chicago. And DJ Moore can't shrink any more than he has. DJ Moore's season high is 68 receiving guards. It's the only time that he's cracked 50 receiving yards so far this season.\
(11:54)  He's had five, six, five, five targets. He's had one game with five receptions. So, the volume's not there. Um, it's not like he's the same big player that he once was. And the expectation should be as time goes on, the rookies expand their roles, not necessarily the veteran. And lastly, let's go ahead and let's look at Sam Leaporta.\
(12:17)  Um, Leaporta, I have now moved behind Hunter Henry. I've honestly moved behind Kyle Pittz. It's crazy to say like, uh, Leaporta was the titan one in fantasy football in his rookie season two years ago. And for him to fall this way where we've had one game with 10 fantasy points through the first month where the Detroit Lions have been phenomenal on offense, like they're using Leaporta too much as an inline blocker.\
(12:43)  Like he's not running enough routes. He's been the tight end five, then the tight end 20, the tight end 22, and the tight end 20. Like, how could you possibly rank him as a top five tight end? He can't be the tight end five. Hunter Henry's getting volume. Hunter Henry scoring touchdowns. They get to the red zone.\
(12:59)  They're either trying to run the ball or they're just throwing it to a Monra. So, um Sam Leaporta had to get nuked as well. But obviously, all the rankings are going to stay up to date on flockfantasy.com. And also, I want to remind y'all, this is a limited time thing. So, we're going to be very annoying about it for this week because you need to take advantage.\
(13:16) I've been with Underdog Fantasy. They've been the only sponsor of this channel for five years. I've never seen anything like it. After you play your first $5 on Underdog Fantasy, they are going to add $100 into your account. And on top of that, with Code Flock, you're going to get an additional Brock party free pick, more than less than half a total yard for the game on Thursday.\
(13:37)  And on top of that, with promo code Flock, you're going to be getting free questions to ask me in the live streams. And we're going to be streaming every single night until Christmas. So, you have plenty of opportunities to get those in. I'm going to leave the link to Underdog Fantasy in the description and comment section.\
(13:50) Underdog Fantasy is available in almost every single state and it's the number one way that you can support this channel.\
}