{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 7 Must Add Players to Save Your Season - YouTube\
\
Transcripts:\
(00:00) This is the second good Waverwire week that we've had. It doesn't mean that every pickup's going to be good. Obviously, there'll be some players that your league mates are looking at that are straight up bums that I'm going to be telling you about in this video that you should avoid. But anyway, the first player that everybody should be trying to add is going to be Woody Marks.\
(00:17)  He's the number one running back pickup this week. And honestly, it pains me to say it because I drafted a lot of Nick Chub and underdog basketball drafts. And on top of that, I actually have Nick Chub in the Flock League. But he just lost his job. Woody Marks has expanded his role every single week so far this season where week one he played 11% of the snaps.\
(00:38)  Week two that went up to 27%, week three that went up to 48% and he finally eclipsed 50% now playing the majority of the snaps for the Houston Texans. And if you go back and look at what we had been saying with Woody Mark since he was drafted is this is a receiving back. This is a running back that you really want in game environments in which the Houston Texans are trailing.\
(00:58)  So, if we go and look at what happened for Woody Marks to actually lead this backfield and become the guy, it is 10 times more impressive, and I mean 10 times more impressive, the fact that he was able to do this in a game in which Houston Texans blew out the Tennessee Titans. And then we get the report that came out on Monday that Joe Mixon has no timetable whatsoever on his return on if he is going to even return so far this year.\
(01:26)  So Woody Marks is the running back one in Houston. He's definitely more exciting in a full PBR format just because again he's great in pass protection. He's great as a receiver. If you look at my updated rankings on flockfantasy.com, you'll see that I moved Woody Marks up to running back 29 and he will be in flex consideration, but obviously once these rookies start picking up steam, there's a chance that he only goes higher and higher and higher.\
(01:52)  Now, something that's going to be extremely important to monitor is going to be the Bucky Irving MRI. On Monday, we got the report that Bucky Irving is getting an MRI for an undisclosed injury. Now, if you go through and if you look it up on Twitter, looks like he hurt his ankle. I mean, you can actually see a pretty gruesome screenshot, but with White, let's move past that because frankly, I don't know what's going to happen with Bucky Irving.\
(02:17)  I'll be live streaming every single day to make sure that you stay updated. I'll be updating the rankings on the site every day. What I can say is Rashad White is a premium handcuffed running back nonetheless. If you were to get an injury to Bucky Irving, we can go back and look at the last time Rashad White had this backfield pretty much to himself, which was 2023.\
(02:39)  And what happened in 2023? Oh, Rashad White was a running back one in fantasy. And you go back to 2023, that Bucks team wasn't as good as it is now. Rashad White's actually been a really good running back so far this year with efficiency. We know that Rashad White has a phenomenal receiving role. So, typically I leave Rashad White in the same range of guys like um Tyler Algier in our rest of season ranks, but he has actually risen up to being my running back 33 on the off chance that this Bucky injury is serious.\
(03:09)  Now, going over and looking at what we have with Kenneth Gainwell, I owe y'all a big apology because obviously I'm streaming every single night looking at teams, coming up with suggestions, advice, and um some of the advice I was giving early in the season was horrendous with Kenneth Gainwell.\
(03:24)  If you sent me your team after week one and I saw that you had Kenneth Gainwell on it, I was laughing my ass off going, "What's the upside with Kenneth Gainwell? Even if Jaylen Warden were to go down, Caleb Johnson's going to split the backfield." Well, what happened? Um, Kenneth Gainwell turned into a three- down workhorse. Not only did he have all the opportunities in Pittsburgh, but he performed extremely well with them in a really tough matchup against the Minnesota Vikings.\
(03:51)  It wasn't just with the box score where he scored 31 points. If you watch the game, he looked dynamic out there. He looked like one of the best playmakers the Pittsburgh Steelers have had at the running back position in quite some time. Now, realistically, when Jaylen Warren does come back to this backfield, which looks like there's a good shot it happens after the by-week, Kenneth Gainwell's probably gonna go back to just being a handcuffed running back like Tyler Algier as an example.\
(04:17)  But we at least have to acknowledge the fact that he does belong in that Algier mold where if you were to get that injury for Jaylen Warren lingering into week six and week seven, Kenneth Gainwell is probably going to be a top 24 running back in my rankings. So, I mean, the dude just dropped 31 points and he almost had a third touchdown.\
(04:34)  Now, let's go over and let's look at Kendra Miller. Now, with Miller, obviously, Dynasty Darling, a lot of people thought that he was going to be a very impressive rookie running back. Everybody gives up on him because ultimately, you really don't see anything other than injuries and the coaching staff hating him through the first two years of his NFL career.\
(04:51)  Well, it's a new coaching staff and it's a new day and Miller actually looks like he may be viable. And one other thing that looks like it may happen is Brock Party is probably going to get a yard on Thursday night. And if you agree with me, you can actually find a link to Underdog Fantasy in the description and comment section.\
(05:09)  And with Code Flock, you're going to get a free Brock party pick more than less than half a total yard. But what's special about Underdog Fantasy at the moment is I've been with them for the past five years and I've never seen an offer like they have right now where after you play your first $5 with Code Flock, you're going to get $100 added into your account.\
(05:27)  And on top of that, you're going to get free questions that you can ask me in the live streams and which we are doing every single night on this channel. The links in the description comment section and Underdog Fantasies available in almost every single state. But if we are looking at Miller, Miller gives you the rushing touchdown against the Buffalo Bills.\
(05:43)  Looks really good, very efficient, and he has seen his snap rate rise from 15% up to 31% over the past four weeks. Now, I'm never going to tell you you should start Miller when Alvin Kamar is healthy and when Alvin Kamar is playing. But look at what's going on in New Orleans right now. This New Orleans Saints team is arguably the worst team in the entire NFL.\
(06:06)  Alvin Kamar was drafted back in 2017. and he's played eight seasons. Do the man right. Send him to Kansas City. Get Alvin Kamara out of New Orleans. I think that's actually going to be on the table over the next few weeks in New Orleans. And if that were to happen, then all of a sudden, Miller will turn into an every week starter.\
(06:24) Now, let's go over to the last running back that your league mates may be looking at. And to be honest with you, I drafted him a lot in underdog basketball drafts, and I'm super happy that I did. But Justice Hill is only a baseball player. You're never going to go through and you're never going to be trying to play Justice Hill in your regular fantasy football league.\
(06:42)  I know he has 28 fantasy points this past week. It doesn't matter. He's not even a handcuff. Even if Derrick Henry were to go down, Justice Hill is not going to be startable. His role is not going to expand. I mean, he plays a completely different position. The man's had a total of 15 targets to a total of eight carries so far this year.\
(07:01)  So, Justice Hill's going to remain like that really exciting player in underdog basketball drafts that I'm really happy that I drafted. But for your regular reddraft league, good luck predicting when these random spikes are going to occur. So, you're better off letting an idiot league mate or two go and bid on Justice Hill instead of yourself.\
(07:19) Now, let's move over to wide receiver. Romeo Dobs plays a career-high 90% of snaps this past week against the Dallas Cowboys. Of course, the Guardian cap is just making him stick out like a sore thumb in the end zone, which is perfect for Jordan Love targets. He has three touchdowns this past week against the Dallas Cowboys.\
(07:39)  While I would love to sit here and say, "Oh, Jaden Reed's injured. Tucker Craft's not 100%. Jordan Love's a great quarterback. We need to go all in on Romeo." The reality is this is also kind of a best option. Good luck predicting when the volume's going to come. Good luck predicting when the touchdowns will be there, especially because you have the week five buy.\
(07:59)  Like, I don't really know if you should be running out there picking up Romeo Dobs. I currently have him ranked at wide receiver 49 in my rest of season ranks. Alec Aommaner will be our next wide receiver. We've talked about him over and over and over again. He's wide receiver 48 for me backtoback with Romeo Dobs.\
(08:15)  I'd probably prefer AO Manor for the reason being that he doesn't have a by-week this week. So, you get to see him one more time. He plays a career-high 82% of the snaps. He sees seven targets. Calvin Ridley's banged up. AO Manor I officially have ranked as the number one wide receiver in Tennessee. But frankly, I don't know if you should be that excited about a wide receiver that's in an offense that scored a total of zero points this past week.\
(08:39)  Now, going over to the New York Giants, I know a lot of y'all watching this just lost Malik Neighbors, and you're wondering, "How do I replace this Malik Neighbors production?" You can't. A lot of people are going to run out there and pick up Darius Sllayton. A lot of people are going to run out there and pick up Wel Robinson.\
(08:56)  And while I understand these guys have the ability to spike and give you big weeks just randomly. And Jackson Dart looked damn good in his first NFL start, the fact is the New York Giants are going to be one of the worst passing offenses in the NFL. The passing volume's not going to be there. Darius Sllayton's been in the NFL forever and he's never been viable.\
(09:14)  Juan Del Robinson's been in the NFL in forever and he's never been a consistent play. So, I did move them up my rankings dramatically. I have Darius Sllayton now wide receiver 55. I have Wel Robinson up there wide receiver 45, but at the very most they're just bi-week fillins. I'm not that excited about him at all.\
(09:34)  And the last wide receiver I've heard people talking about, it's crazy it as it is, Isaiah Bond is a bum. Okay, Jerry Judy's not producing in Cleveland. Why the hell do you think Isaiah Bond's gonna I understand Cedric Tman got injured. Who cares? This is one of the worst offenses in the league that's using multiple tight ends.\
(09:53)  Their wide receiver one's not producing. I Isaiah Bond's going to be a waste of a roster spot. I would I honestly anybody who's picking up Isaiah Bond, you're either in a really deep league or I I don't know how you could like how can you ever put him in your lineup. It's not baseball. You have to actually figure out when the spike's going to come.\
(10:11)  And really the only wide receivers worth picking up this week are Dobs, AO Manor, and Juanale. Now, tight ends, Brennon Strange, back-to-back weeks with seven targets. And Strange at this point is actually getting a considerable amount of target volume as I'm struggling trying to figure out who should I start between TJ Hawinson and Dallas.\
(10:30)  Um, Britain Strange is in that same tier with these guys at this point based off target volume and target volume alone. Of course, the actual efficiency hasn't exactly been there, and that's going to be one of the issues that you have when you have a subpar quarterback with Trevor Lawrence throwing you the ball, but Britain Strange, viable tight end streamer if you need one.\
(10:49)  Darren Waller obviously is going to be somebody that we need to talk about as Darren Waller has multiple receiving touchdowns against the New York Jets and you have Tyreek Hill going down expanding the role of Darren Waller and expanding the targets you should expect him to see in this offense. Now, with that being said, Darren Waller had 27 receiving yards this past week.\
(11:07)  With that being said, he had three receptions. So, I understand the two receiving touchdowns were exciting, but I I would never start him. Like, I it gave me three, four weeks of consistency before I'd ever consider putting this dude in my lineup. Going over looking at Mason Taylor, Mason Taylor saw seven targets.\
(11:25)  I I don't think you should be that excited about him. I have him at Titan 22 rest of season. Uh, while he may be the second option for Justin Fields with the Jets, come on. It's the second option for Justin Fields with the Jets. Um, so I I think it's going to be another player that some people in your league go out and try to grab and and just let them have them.\
(11:43)  Now, going over looking at what we have with the streaming defenses. Minnesota's probably already rostered in your league, but the Minnesota Vikings are the best DST this week. They get to play the Cleveland Browns in Europe. The Vikings have been there for a week. We saw this play out last year where the team that stays in Europe and doesn't have to do the travel the week of, they honestly have a leg up.\
(12:04)  So, I think the Minnesota Vikings would already be the heavy favorites in this contest regardless. But this game as an overunder at 36 and a half points, so should be one of the lowest scoring games of the entire season. But last time we said that was Pittsburgh and the Jets week one, which turned out to a shootout. So, Vikings phenomenal defense. Cardinals great defense.\
(12:23)  They get to play the Tennessee Titans where they are eight and a half point favorites. And what we saw this past week and what we've seen for four weeks now is it is a cheat code just to play the DST going up against Cam Ward and the Titans. The New Orleans Saints are going to get to um play against the New York Giants.\
(12:39)  They're favored by about a point and a half. The Giants applied team total of 20 points. The Saints garbage, but rookie quarterback with no Malikite neighbors where your top options are Darius Sllayton and Wondell Robinson. Now, the Cleveland Browns also decent little defense here. Cleveland, like I said, in the lowscoring game total this week.\
(12:56)  They are three and a half point dogs. Typically, I don't like playing underdogs, as are DSTs. Philly, I'm sure that they're already rostered, but you could play them this week against Denver. The Baltimore Ravens have one of the worst defenses in the league, but they get to go up against the Houston Texans. I probably would avoid it.\
(13:13)  The Rams are going up against the Niners. I'd probably avoid it. The Colts are going I'm going to be playing the Seattle Seahawks myself going up against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Reality is I'm recording this on Monday night. These implied team totals really aren't going to be updated until Tuesday, which of course all the implied team totals and everything you can find on flogfantasy.com.\
(13:28)  So you can get all your data there and what defenses you want to stream, but I'll be probably playing Seattle myself this week. Now, I really appreciate you and I do want to reiterate that not all these players you should bother picking up. Woody Marks, phenomenal pickup. Rashad White, phenomenal pickup. dependent on the Bucky Irving MRI.\
(13:45)  Um, Kenneth Gainwell, great pickup. Miller, interesting ad. Justice Hill, waste of a spot. Um, Darius Sllayton, Wadell Robinson, eh, not that exciting. Really, I just am most interested in the running backs. But, of course, if you are interested in Brock Party to go higher than half a total yard on Thursday night, I'm going to leave the link to Underdog Fantasy in both the description as well as the comment section.\
(14:08)  If you use code flock when you sign up to underdog, you are going to be able to get the best offer that they've had since I've been working with them at least over the past five years. And that's after you play your first $5, you're going to get $100 added to your account. And with code flock, you're going to get free questions to ask me in the live stream.\
(14:24)  And with code flock, you're going to be getting that free Brock party pick, more than less than half a total yard. And underdog is available in almost every state. I'm going to leave that link in the description and comment section. I appreciate you and I'll get to see you out in the live stream later\
}