{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 9 Mistakes That Will Ruin Your Fantasy Team\
\
Transcripts:\
(00:00)  I've reviewed more fantasy football teams and fantasy football drafts than anybody else on  this planet and there are nine mistakes I see people make over and over and over again that  I want to make sure you avoid and this is going to be beneficial even if you have already had  your draft because hopefully you can make some waiver wire moves to fix these mistakes.\
(00:18)  The first thing that I need to discuss is going to be worrying about your bye weeks.  Now trust me I understand yeah there are a lot of teams with the week eight by yes. I understand. There are a lot of teams with the  week 12 by, but can you sit here and think about how much your team is going to change from today  until week eight, even if your league mates don't like making trades every single week,  you will probably be at least dropping one player  and adding another from the waiver wire. So if you compound that over the course of eight weeks\
(00:52)  of 12 weeks, the reality of the situation is by the time you get to those buy weeks, frankly,  those players may be off your team. You may have new options on there, and that's assuming that you didn't even make a trade.  Now, obviously, there's a reason why people get really frustrated and get really focused  in on players with the same bye week at running back or wide receiver in their fantasy football  draft.\
(01:16)  And that's because when you are drafting on almost any platform, you get very limited  information built into the actual display of your pick.  What you get is you get the player's name, the player's image, you get their team and you get  their bi-week. So all of a sudden people just see that one number. They think that it's relevant.\
(01:35)  And in reality, hell go out there and take four wide receivers with the same week eight by  it doesn't matter. Your team's going to change. And even if it doesn't matter your team's gonna change and even if it doesn't if  you have marvin harrison jackson smith and jigba jamison williams all with any week eight by who  cares you'll be a little bit weaker that one week but you'll be a little bit stronger every other  week when they are playing now the second big thing that we have to discuss is not adjusting to your league settings.\
(02:06)  Now, I understand this is going to be a lot more complicated.  I understand that there are so many different moving variables, whether you're playing in  an eight team league, a 10 team league, a 12 team league, a 14 team league, every single  different league size, you should be valuing positions differently because the value over  replacement in the  teardrops that you have are very different at running back wide receiver tight end quarterback  and what will be available in the waiver wire with your league settings. And also we go ahead\
(02:35)  and we look at the scoring of your league, whether it's PPR, happy PR, non PPR, it's going to be  wildly different. The optimal flex plays, as well as the percentage  of your starting lineup output weekly that each position should account for. And then lastly,  the amount of flex spots that you have, the amount of wide receiver slots in your starting lineup.\
(02:55)  Again, that is going to be very important because when we go over to those positional tiers,  the more flex spots that you add, the more wide receiver is gonna matter and the less the onesies will.  So if you're playing in like a 10 team league  where you only start two wide receivers, one flex,  go get yourself an elite quarterback,  go get yourself an elite tight end.\
(03:14)  They can really help you win your league.  Whereas if you're in a 14 team league  where you have two flex spots,  you probably need to focus in on building out  running back and wide receiver  and you're probably better off punting tight ends. Now I have done two different things for y'all.\
(03:29)  One, I made an entire  in-depth video for you to go through and for you to find out exactly how you should be adjusting  to your league settings. And two, every Friday, I've been updating our 50 draft sheets for every  draft platform for all your league settings. That way you can have a custom  draft sheet to make sure that you know how to value your players with your specific league  format. That's posted on flockfantasy.com. And like I said, that's updated every single Friday.\
(03:55)  If you're not already a member of the flock, it's not too late. We still have by far and away the  best offer that we've ever put out. $34 one-time payment gets you access to everything  on the site until January 1st, including updated weekly rankings, updated rest of season rankings,  trade calculator, trade finder, my team's page, range of outcomes tool prospect.\
(04:17)  There is so much  on the site. I genuinely do believe that it's going to be the number one reason why you win  your fantasy football league this year. And at the same time, it is actually the cheapest fantasy football product that you could possibly get. Use code  FLOCK and I'm going to be answering your start set questions and your trade questions in the live  stream as well. Now, the next mistake that I see, this is mainly for drafting.\
(04:39)  If you've already  done your draft, maybe it's a little too late for you to fix this. But when you're in your fantasy  football draft, do not act as if you need to fill out your starting lineup before you start drafting your bench players. Maybe, yes, you already took three wide receivers and three running backs, so you already have your starting lineup filled out at running back, receiver, and the flexes.\
(05:00)  Now, you don't need to stop there.  You don't need to just go, oh crap, I'm in round six.  I have the rest of my lineup filled.  Let me take Travis Kelsey.  Because what's way more important  than filling your starting lineup through your draft  is looking at those positional tier cutoffs.  So what you need to focus in on  is taking the best player available,  understanding your tiers,  and understanding the area of your drafts  that you should be targeting those different positions. Now, the next mistake we're going to have will be rostering the wrong\
(05:30)  players at the very bottom end of your team. Now I do a lot of underdog basketball drafts in the  streams every night and their wide receivers like Michael Wilson, Darius Slayton, Wandel Robinson,  they're going to matter a ton because you don't have access to the  waiver wire, right? So if you can get yourself a Wandel Robinson and he's going to give you a  seven or eight usable weeks and he'll just automatically slide into your starting lineup.\
(05:53)  That wide receiver is very valuable in that format. It's not in your regular ESPN draft.  It's not in your regular Yahoo draft. It's not in your regular sleeper draft. The reason being is  you will always be able to go draft the reason being is you will always  be able to go to the waiver wire and you will always be able to pick up a wide receiver that  projects very similar to a player like Wandale Robinson and what's very frustrating with those  waiver wire wide receivers is while yes they will randomly have good weeks it is going to be almost\
(06:21)  impossible to predict when those guys are going to blow up. Now, I understand everybody in the comment section, y'all love you some Cedric Tillman,  but Cedric Tillman is the perfect example to bring up here. And that I can be pretty confident  that Cedric Tillman is going to have a couple of big weeks this season, just like he did a year  ago, but he's going to have a ton of duds as well.\
(06:42)  Even if you are a master at just picking the best  matchups, still, that's's not gonna give you 100% certainty  of when you can start versus when you need to bench  that bottom end wide receiver.  So what I prefer to do is I prefer to roster  as many running backs as possible.  If I actually pull up my team in the flock league,  which yes, looks very different since the draft,  if you haven't seen, I did trade Drake London  at a big package for Josh Jacobs and a big package.\
(07:05)  You can see that latest video on the Flock League channel.  But if I go over to the My Teams page on the site to pull up my current roster,  you'll see that I am sitting with a total of eight running backs and four wide receivers.  The bottom end of my bench, I am loading up on as many running backs as I can get.\
(07:22)  Kareem Hunt, Nick Chubb, Braylon Allen, Cam Scadaboo,  Travis Etienne, JCM. And the thought process with these guys is, oh, well, if Rashad Smith makes  the team and Isaiah Pacheco is the starter, cool. I can easily cut Kareem Hunt and move on to the  next running back. Oh, if Joe Mixon comes back healthy or Damian Pierce is the starter, cool.\
(07:41)  I can easily cut Nick Chubb and move on to the next running back. But the benefit that you get with these RBs is they can immediately turn into starters the way  that wide receivers like Wandel Robinson can't. Like as an example, my last round pick in my draft  was Ja'Cory Croskey Merritt. At this point, the dude may be a starting running back.\
(08:00)  And if he is,  I know when I can get him in my starting lineup. So definitely be optimizing for running backs at the bottom end of your regular redraft team  rather than wide receivers.  It's very different than those underdog best ball drafts.  Now, moving over to something that's going to apply a little more  towards your in-season management.\
(08:18)  It's going to be starting rookies too early and then also trading rookies too early.  So this is a big thing to do with looking  at just rookie type performances and we can go through and we can always track this every single  year there's a rookie that does nothing early on and turns out to be a league winner in the second  half of the season this past year that was Bucky Irving y'all know Corey from fantasy stock exchange  he lost the flock league last year because while maybe  he picked up Bucky Irving and it was a great call, he actually traded Bucky Irving in a massive\
(08:51)  package at the beginning of the season as if he had no value. And the thought process there is  completely fine with him at the time. But again, the issue is going to be that if you're rostering  these rookies, such as Bucky Irving last year, you're not doing so with the game plan  of getting him into your starting lineup early on.\
(09:08)  So if you're gonna draft him  just to trade him before the breakout,  you may as well just not draft him in the first place.  A good example of a player like this is,  I don't think Caleb Johnson's gonna be startable  at the beginning of the year.  Hell, I don't know if RJ Harvey's gonna be startable  at the beginning of the season.\
(09:23)  So if you draft them,  you have to understand that you're not trading them in week three.  Don't trade them in week four.  If you draft them, you need to remind yourself you are taking them for the second half of  their rookie seasons, trying to find that next Bucky Irving.  And with that as well, whenever I'm going to be answering your start set questions in  the live streams every night, you will see nine times out of ten if somebody's gonna send in a question regarding  a rookie outside of ashton genti namari and hampton they are special cases i'm gonna say you\
(09:55)  know what i'm super excited about this player long term but you don't need to try to start him the  exact week he breaks out you don't need to start RJ Harvey week one you don't need to start Ted  McMillan week one you don't need to start even running back I love Trevion Henderson week one  you are more than welcome to draft that player just stash him on your bench once you get the  breakout then cool we know we can give him their starting lineup every week afterwards  now the next mistake I'm going to see is trading for depth early in the season. So I understand you may sit here and you may look at your team and go, you know what?\
(10:28)  I really don't like my running back three.  I really don't like my wide receiver for whatever it may be a player.  That's at the very top of your bench, but going right back to what we were talking about  previously with the bi-weeks, so much is going to change this season.  Like if you just think about  how much fantasy football values have changed over the course of the past month when realistically  nothing's happened half the things we're talking about and predicting right now are going to turn  out to be completely false and maybe you're sitting here going like oh Travis etn's my\
(11:00)  running back three I feel horrible about this I really need to add another running back in case Travis ETN doesn't turn into anything. What happens if he is the starting  running back in Jacksonville? What happens if Leon Cohen actually really likes the dude?  So as long as you're good to go with the starting lineup week one, don't stress about your depth  early in the season.\
(11:26)  And you can just kind of sit here, see what happens and then make plays  on the waiver wire and with trades about weeks three, four, and five, once we have a much better  idea of what's going down. So on the flip side of that, what I'm trying to do right now is I'm  trying to sell depth and get upgrades in my starting lineup. Now going over to our next  roster construction mistake, it's going to be rostering backup  tight ends, DSTs, and kickers.\
(11:47)  This is a mistake I made in the flock league draft.  It's not that I drafted a kicker or DST.  I actually did not take them.  I drafted two running backs instead, and I'm going to have to cut two running backs before  the season starts so I can pick up a kicker and a defense.  But if you are looking at my mistake in the flock league is I drafted Dallas  Goddard. Now that doesn't seem like that big of a deal, blah, blah, blah.\
(12:09)  But if I'm using the, my team's page on the site,  I can see that they're quality Titans on waivers. You have Zach Ertz,  you have Hunter Henry, you have Isaiah likely you have Mason Taylor,  you have Kate Otten. So realistically I'm sitting here going, you know what?  I'm not going to start Dallas Goddard. And at the same time, nobody's going to trade for the dude.\
(12:29)  So is he really  worth that roster spot? Now, I personally really like Goddard. So I want to say that, yes, he is.  But I mean, if you are sitting there right now and you have like Trey McBride and Zach Hertz  on your bench, you can probably go ahead and cut Zach Hertz and pick up another running back.  And then obviously, if you have a backup DST, backup kicker, drop them, pick up running backs right now.\
(12:47)  The next mistake we're going to see is  people taking defenses that they think  are just going to be good this season,  rather than focusing in on week one matchups.  Just make sure you look at the week one matchups  when you're taking your DSTs.  I'm not going to have any kicker advice for you.  I have to start a kicker in the flock league.\
(13:03)  Here's what I do.  I go just look at implied team totals, put one into my starting lineup, send up a prayer that the  dude is good. Cause I have no idea, but right now the defenses that project out to be the best  with matchups week one are going to be the Denver Broncos.\
(13:20)  They get to play cam ward week one with  massive, massive spread in this game. so Denver obviously is projected out to be  the number one DST in fantasy this year plus you get a great matchup week one honestly taking them  a few rounds early may be a great play I honestly think I should have just taken them over Dallas  Goddard then the Pittsburgh Steelers get to play the Jets obviously good defense good matchup  Cardinals get to play the Saints beautiful matchupup. The commanders get to play the giants. That game's going to have a double digit spread. The Eagles\
(13:49)  get to play the Cowboys. The Patriots get to play the Raiders and the Bengals get to play the Browns,  the worst offense in the NFL. So definitely focus in on those defenses that you like the week one  matchups for, cause you're going to end up streaming anyway. And then the worst mistake  that I see, and y'all know, I have to shout out my guy,  Nathan. First off, I need to say y'all need to leave Nathan alone just a bit. All right.\
(14:12)  He knows he made a mistake. He's going to move on. He's going to learn from it. Nathan, super smart,  love the young bug, but is getting your guy regardless of the price.  If you're in a fantasy football draft,  even if the player that you like,  Quintin Sean Judkins,  is available to you at your pick,  if you can sit there and go,  you know what?  I can get this guy in the next round.\
(14:37)  You do not need to take him when you're on the clock  just because you're excited.  Now, if you're picking at pick one,  if you're picking at pick two, if you're at pick 11, if you're picking at pick one, if you're picking at pick two,  if you're at pick 11,  if you're at pick 12,  then by all means,  feel free to go ahead and reach on your guide  because you have 23 picks between your selection.\
(14:54)  The issue is,  like Nathan and I were drafting at picks six and seven  in the flock league draft,  And I think if you're in the middle range where you only have about 12 picks before  your next election, don't reach on your guy just because you love him.  If you have a 75 plus percent shot of getting him in the following round, you should probably  pass on him and hope he makes it back to you.\
(15:17)  But I think that's all I got for y'all.  I really do appreciate you.  And again, if you want to dominate your league this year,  we have worked years and years and years to build out the best fantasy football site for just that.  It's flockfantasy.com.  Not only is it going to be the number one site  to help you dominate your redraft leagues,  but also it is going to be the cheapest offer  you could possibly find.\
(15:40)  $34 one-time payment,  gets you access to everything until January 1st. And if you could flock,  I'm going to be answering your start set questions and your trade questions in the live stream that  we are doing during the season. But I think that's all I got for you. I really appreciate you.  And I really hope we get to see you out with the live stream later tonight.\
}