{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rookies Are Taking Over Fantasy Football - YouTube\
\
Transcripts:\
(00:00) Rookie running backs ran for 737 yards this week. Most by any rookie class in any week of September in NFL history. So yes, you were panicking on these rookies just two weeks ago. Hell, I had to make a dedicated video about it where now we can take a step back and we can say hell um Ashton Genty, Amari Hampton, Quinn Sean Judkins, Tedo McMillan, these guys are going to win leagues.\
(00:27)  I want to give you our updated rankings. I want to give you our updated takes with every single one of these players because we know rookies kind of determine who wins fantasy football year in and year out. And I can prove this to you. And let's go through and let's look at some recent examples of rookie league winners that we've known.\
(00:45)  Jir Gibbs was a league winner his rookie season. What did he do the first month of the year? Oh, he averaged 9.7 points per game. That jumped to 19.4 points per game weeks five through 17. Bucky Irving last season through the first month of the year averaged 8.9 points per game. The rest of the way he averaged 16. Jonathan Taylor his rookie season jumps from 14 through the first month to 17.9.\
(01:09)  Alvin Kamar his rookie season jumps from 13.8 the first month to 21.6. Aman Ross St. Brown his first season jumps from 5.8 to 14.8. Jamar Chase from 17.6 to 19.1. AG Brown from 11.1 to 14.4. Brian Thomas from 14.5 to 17.4 and Lad McConi last season as well 11.1 points per game through the first month to 16.3 the following 12 weeks.\
(01:39)  So as we go through and look at what the rookies are doing right now. I want to remind you the thing that we've been saying all season long. Of course rookies are going to start a little slow. The veterans will be playing ahead of them. We can look at Rashad White vers Bucky Irving last year. But talent wins out.\
(01:57)  Once these guys get adjusted to the NFL, they're familiar with the overall scheme. They're familiar with the playbook. They're going to play more and more and more once they earn that trust and they're going to win leagues. And Amari Hampton looks like he's doing that right now. Amari and Hampton through the first two weeks of the year had 23 carries and four targets for a total of 27 opportunities, which isn't bad at all.\
(02:22)  What was bad is he was averaging about five points per game through the first two weeks. But since then, the last two weeks, Amari Hampton's looked like the running back one overall in fantasy. Two weeks ago, 26 opportunities. This past week, he had 17. A lot of this coming as a receiver, and he's actually averaged over 25 points per game over the past two weeks.\
(02:43) And with Hampton, round one, capital, size, receiving skill set, elite athleticism, good offense, everything that you could ever want from one of these running backs. And I would love to come through and I would love to now rank Amari Hampton with no Naji Harris in this type of offense all of a sudden as my running back five rest of season.\
(03:06) And if this offensive line was as healthy as it was two months ago where you had Slater, you had Joe Alt, realistically speaking, as I go through and update my rankings on flockfantasy.com, I would probably have Amari Hampton as an S tier running back only behind CMC, Bejan, Jir Gibbs, Jonathan Taylor. I'd be telling you to trade Saquon Barkley for Amari Hampton.\
(03:30)  I have Saquon Barkley in the Flock League. I'd be sending Avery offers to try to get Hampton. Now, I'm not putting him there just yet. The reason for this is you have no Slater. You have no Joe Alt. Now, I can hear you in the comment section saying, "Oh, Mason, Joe Alt's not out for the season. It's a high ankle sprain.\
(03:48)  He's only going to miss fourish weeks." Well, let's do some simple math here, ladies and gentlemen. We are in week five of the NFL season. We have nine weeks left of the regular season until the fantasy playoffs are here. So, if Joe Alt's missing four or five weeks, then you have the Los Angeles Chargers by later in the year, what um you have Joe Alt missing half of the regular season from here on out, if not more.\
(04:14)  Now, that of course that's for fantasy, not real life. So, the Chargers offensive line is going to be really, really bad. But Amari Hampton is still an A tier running back. He still has the upside of an S tier RB and realistically has it in the cards to be the running back three, running back four, running back five rest of season.\
(04:35)  Now, let's move over to Ashton Genty. And with Genty, you had 33 points in his fourth NFL game ever, which I know you drafted this guy in round one, so maybe that doesn't sound super impress. No, 33 points in one of your first four NFL games is unbelievable. You had 21 carries. You had two targets. Now, the one thing that's holding me back from putting Ashen Genty as an S-tier running back is the same exact thing with Amari Hampton. Garbage offensive line play.\
(05:06) The offensive line for the Raiders at the moment looks like one of the worst units that you have in all of the NFL. And with this as well, you have four weeks played and Ashen Genty only has 20 total receiving guards. So, this is going to keep him from being an S-tier running back for me right now.\
(05:25)  Now, I do currently have him at RB9. I have Amar and Hampton at RB10 in our rest of season rankings. And I will be ranking them as running back ones going into the future. And I honestly don't sign off on a lot of people saying, "Oh, sell high on Ashen Genty. He doesn't catch the ball. He's with the bad offense.\
(05:43) " I get it. I I truly do. But he still can be a running back one even in this scenario. Now, Quinn Sean Judkins looks like a running back that should have at the very minimum gone in round five of every fantasy football league drafted this off seasonason. At least the toughest fantasy football leagues on the planet.\
(06:03) I know Quinn Sean Judkins went in round five of those. But Judkins at this point has expanded his role three weeks straight. He's moved from 27% of the snaps to 55% of the snaps to 58% of the snaps. You actually see Quinn Sean Judkins as well, despite not being out there for obvious passing down scenarios for the two-minute drill, four third downs, actually getting involved as a receiver.\
(06:29)  Like, he's had nine targets over the past three weeks. He just had 33 receiving yards and four receptions this past week for a total of 25 opportunities in a game in which wasn't a good environment for him. You're playing at Detroit. The Detroit Lions were winning this game from start to finish. like the Browns never really were in a position where they could establish run and Quinn Sean Judkins was still out there doing this.\
(06:52)  Now the holdup that I have with Judkins very similar to what we have with like Ashen Genty the offense is garbage. So where I have Quinn Sean Judkins ranked rest of season is a mid RB2 at RB18. I have him as a Btier running back in the same range as Derrick Henry, Kairen Williams, Breece Walker, Javvante, ETN Judkins and Kamara.\
(07:13)  I think all these running backs are guys that you absolutely have to start. Obviously, if you have Kairen Williams, you are starting him on Thursday night. The question that you need to ask is, are you taking the higher or the lower on Kairen Williams to have 80 and a half total yards on Underdog Fantasy? Um, I don't know which side's going to win that, but I do know that you can be an automatic winner.\
(07:34)  Oh, that's a smooth segue. if use code flock when you sign up to Underdog Fantasy because right now Underdog Fantasy is doing the biggest new user offer that I've ever seen since I've been working with them for 5 years. And that's after you play your first $5 with Code Flock, you are going to get $100 added to your account.\
(07:53)  Plus, you're going to be getting a free pick for that Thursday night game. Either Brock Pery, higher, lower, half a total yard, or Matthew Stafford, higher, lower, half a total yard. And on top of that, you're going to be getting free questions to ask me in the live streams that we are doing every single night until Christmas. I'm going to leave the link in the description and comment section.\
(08:10)  And underdog fantasies available in almost every single state. Now, Trevian Henderson will be our next running back that we need to discuss. And um Hindo was a running back that I thought we were about to skyrocket up our rankings. I thought that the breakout was here in week four.\
(08:26)  I was so excited he was going to be up there with Quinn Sean Judkins. He was either going to be an A tier or a Btier running back. And no, he's still stuck in Ctier. The reason for this is you had a total of nine opportunities. Coming out of the week in which Raandre Stevenson fumbled multiple times. Coming out of the week where Antonio Gibson of all players fumbled and this coaching staff still thinks they need to make sure that Antonio Gibson gets himself a rushing touchdown.\
(08:53)  What the hell are we doing here? The opportunities are going the opposite direction. Mike Hindo, he had 11 opportunities, including six receptions in week one. Again, I would really like to say that we're in a really good spot for the offense, for the talent profile, for the receiving upside, but frankly, it doesn't matter. Like, I have him at RB23.\
(09:17) I actually have him ranked behind the player that's on my team, and that's Cam Scataboo, because Scat Attack continues to expand his role. And obviously a lot of this had to do with the injury that you had to Tyrone Tracy, but Cam Scatteraboo went from 12% of the snaps week 1 to 52% of the snaps week 2 to 59% of the snaps week three to 75% of the snaps in week four.\
(09:42)  Now, I will say in week five, he's going to be extremely high in my rankings because he's a great matchup against the New Orleans Saints. And honestly, even though I have Cam Scataboo as either my RB3 or RB4, depending on where you rank ETN in comparison, I have Scat lower than ETN, but it's up to you. I probably will be looking to sell him high after this next week because I do think that Tracy comes in in the long term and Tracy has a role in this offense.\
(10:08)  I don't necessarily think he's the leadback. I think that clearly is Cam at this point. But also with that in mind, I don't love Jackson Dart being the quarterback here. I would almost rather have Russell Wilson. Um, obviously not if you're a Giants fan. I'm not saying that Russell Wilson's good by any stretch of the imagination, but Russell Wilson's not going to go out there and run the ball a ton himself, right? So, what you would get with Russ under center in comparison to Dart is you would actually have a higher checkown rate and you would get more\
(10:33) targets for Cam Scaboo. We even saw that play out over the past two weeks where you had eight targets in week three to only two targets this past week. So, I I love the 25 rush attempts. The efficiency doesn't look great, of course, but um I think he's going to absolutely crush at least this next week.\
(10:51)  I have him ranked as an RB2 and then I'll probably be looking to sell him high after he blows up against the New Orleans Saints. Now, our next player that I want to talk about is going to be RJ Harvey. So, RJ Harvey plays a careerhigh 41% of the snaps against the Cincinnati Bengals. I would love to say that, oh, okay, we know that RJ Harvey is now taking over for Jake.\
(11:13)  Now, we don't know that. Like, I have RJ Harvey ranked as a high-end RB3. I have him ranked at RB 27. He's averaged 8.93 fantasy points per game so far this season. Obviously, not great. The thing is with him seeing 19 opportunities. A lot of those came in garbage time. The Cincinnati Bengals were never a threat to the Denver Broncos in this game.\
(11:34)  So realistically, it's reasonable to see Denver just go out there and run the ball over and over and over again and do a lot of this with RJ Harvey when the game's blown out of proportions. Now, I still think that RJ Harvey has a lot of ceiling to break out in the long term, unlike some of the other players that we're about to talk about, but um I I don't think you can take him over guys like Jordan Mason, Chase Brown, Trey Benson in your starting lineup anytime soon.\
(12:04)  Now, moving over to bench players, Caleb Johnson cut him. I thought, oh, Caleb Johnson, now he's a handcuffed running back where if Jaylen Warden goes down, all of a sudden, Caleb Johnson's going to get wor. Nope, didn't happen. Caleb Johnson's toast. Nuke him in your reddraft rankings, nuke him in your dynasty rankings.\
(12:20)  To be getting outplayed by Kenneth Gainwell by an extreme degree, that you can't you can't bounce back from that. Um, by Shell Tubin, premium handcuffed running back in Jacksonville. usage not trending in the right direction. He had five opportunities this past week, which is down from seven a week ago, which is down from 10 opportunities back against the Cincinnati Bengals in week two.\
(12:41)  Uh Woody Marks looks like he's actually much more exciting than what we have with some of these other players. Woody Marks is a Dtier running back for me at this point, right in the same range as RJ Harvey, David McGomery, Jaylen Warren, Tony Pard Dobbins. Woody Marks could be higher than this for me if it wasn't for the fact that the Houston Texans offensive line looks horrendous.\
(13:00) He had 22 opportunities this past week against the Tennessee Titans and a game environment in which you would assume that it would be better for Nick Chubb since Houston was leading from start to finish. So for Woody Marks to dominate like this in this type of game environment, I think he is the starting running back for the Houston Taxons going into the future and he will be a borderline flex play.\
(13:22)  I know he looks like this year's Bucky Irving. There are a lot of parallels there, but I don't think the offensive line's good enough, and I don't think the offense good enough. Also, I don't know if he's as good as Bucky, to be honest. Now, moving over to what we have with the wide receivers. Travis Hunter is not getting any better.\
(13:38)  Technically, yes, he has a career-high 42 receiving yards. Let's give him the slow clap. Bravo. Incredible. Number two pick in the NFL draft. and you have 42 receiving yards as a careerhigh a month into your NFL career. You're not playing anything on the defensive side of the ball in the second half this past week. Like, where the hell do we go with Travis Hunter at this point? I don't think you can cut him.\
(14:06)  Number two overall trade capital. And he goes even further than that. The freaking Jacksonville Jaguars, these clowns, decided to trade a fifth overall pick and a future first for Hunter to use him this way. Are we super excited? No. But he's on your bench as a stash right now. Ted McMillan obviously is a starter every single week.\
(14:31)  The offense is garbage. Bryce Gung's straight up garbage, but you still have him seeing on average about nine targets a game a month into the season. So if I'm looking at my rankings, I have Tet personally at about wide receiver, 12 as a C-tier wide receiver in the same tier as Garrett Wilson, George Pickkins, Devonte Adams, or She Rice.\
(14:52)  And then our next player with Ibuka. Ibuka continues to expand his role where he goes from six targets to seven targets to eight targets to 10 targets. Surprise, surprise, Mike Evans gets injured. Igbuka is going to get used a lot more, right? That should be the expectation. And Ibuka is wide receiver 15 in my rest of season rankings.\
(15:10)  If you had a chance to see the week five rankings that came out earlier today, you'll see that he's much much higher than that in the short term. But obviously, I am operating under the assumption that Mike Evans will be coming back in the long term. Matthew Golden Bench Stash. I know it sucks having hold them through the by-week, but I would feel shaky telling you to cut the wide receiver with round one capital.\
(15:31)  that's in an offense with not much competition. LA Manor looks like he has made it to being the wide receiver one on his own team, but realistically it's a Tennessee Titans, so who cares? Now, going over and looking at what we have at tight ends, we have Tyler Warren um looking like a locked and loaded top three tight end in fantasy going into the future, you have 18 points this past week, careerhigh.\
(15:54) The only tight ends I could reasonably rank over Warren would be Bowowers McBride. Loveland. If you're in a shallow format, you can go ahead and you can drop them. Like difficulty that you have with Lovelin Rise, you have to hold him through the bye-week. We don't know the extent of this injury. Um deeper leagues, I would hold on though.\
(16:10)  And then Jackson Dart, I would love to say like, oh, we have a viable rookie quarterback because obviously Cam Ward's not. But with the Malik Neighbors injury, even if Jackson Dart has the rushing upside, I have no interest. But let me know if you all want us to continue to give the updates with the rookies as time goes on because again, I do think that you could get a true literal league winner from this.\
(16:33)  I know a lot of people say league winner over and over and over again. Frankly, they're only a small number of league winners every season, but I think one of them is going to be from this video. Now, obviously, if you wanted to go through and check out any of those pickhams on Underdog Fantasy, like Kairen Williams higher, lower 80 and a half total yards, you can find that link in the description comment section.\
(16:54)  Take advantage of the number one offer that I have ever seen on Underdog Fantasy, and they've been the only sponsor of this channel for 5 years at this point. And that's going to be after you play your first $5, you are going to get $100 added to your account. And on top of that, you'll get that free pick for the Thursday night game.\
(17:12)  And on top of that, you're going to be getting free questions that you can ask me in the live streams. And we're going to be live streaming every single night until Christmas. But I really appreciate you and I really hope I get to see you out with the live stream later\
}