{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Top 50 WR Rankings & Tiers - 2025 Fantasy Football\
\
Transcripts:\
(00:00)  Pre-seasons here, we've had a bunch of training camp news, so we're going to give you our updated  top 50 wide receiver rankings. Starting with Chase at one, there's nothing to discuss.  Here at two and three, maybe there is some argument between CeeDee Lamb and Justin Jefferson,  but what I decided to do is look over the past two seasons at CeeDee Lamb's points per game,  when you had Dak Prescott play, Jamar Chase's points per game when you had Joe Burrow play,  and then Justin Jefferson over the past two years every game. Just sadly, we have not had a chance\
(00:31)  to see him with McCarthy yet. And if you compare these three players on flockfantasy.com, you'll  see CeeDee Lamb 22.1 points per game with Dak, Jamar Chase 22 points per game with Burrow,  and Justin Jefferson 19.2.  So if we take into account that Lamb's arguably been the wide receiver one with the healthy  Dak Prescott, and the fact that Justin Jefferson's currently dealing with a hamstring injury,  I think at this stage of the offseason, it's actually very easy to rank CeeDee Lamb ahead  of Justin Jefferson.\
(01:00)  Going down to our second tier, I mean, any one of these wide receivers could finish as  wide receiver one overall. With Pukunukuwa, the one thing to monitor is going to be Matthew  Stafford's back injury. But if Stafford is good to go, sportsbooks were previously projecting this  Rams offense to be a borderline top five offense in total points scored.\
(01:20)  You have Pukunukuwa over  the past two years as a rookie and a second year player averaging 18 points per game  and at the same time sitting here with 3.07 yards per route run a 30.1 percent target share puts him  at fourth in the NFL again as a year one and year two player who dealt with an injury in his second  season as well Amon Ross St.\
(01:44)  Brown's about the safest asset you can have in fantasy football  maybe there are some moving pieces with the offensive coordinator.  And I understand that Jamison Williams is getting a bunch of hype.  And honestly, Jamison could possibly be more valuable from a real life perspective,  as crazy as that sounds, given the athleticism and the big playability.  But from a fantasy football perspective, which is what I'm playing,  Amon Ross St. Brown blows him out of the water where you are looking at St.\
(02:09)  Brown being top 10  in the NFL among all wide receivers over the past two years in snap rate, in targets per game,  with his target chair, with his receptions per game, with his receiving yards per game,  with his receiving touchdowns per game. The is king with st brown nico collins the  volume hasn't particularly been there but the efficiency has been insane nico over the past  two seasons has actually only ran 27 and a half routes per game which according to flockfantasy.\
(02:36) com  that's actually 61st in the nfl across those two years however the efficiency has been higher than anyone's. 11.64 yards per target,  as well as 3.93 yards per route run, tells me that if the overall passing volume goes up and  we see Nico Collins get a lot closer to Jamar Chase's 40 routes per game or Justin Jefferson's  CD Lam 35 routes per game, Nico Collins could be the wide receiver one overall.\
(03:04)  Now Malik  Nabors last season was in one of the worst offenses in the entire nfl however still managed to finish with  18.2 fantasy points per game as a rookie which put him at wide receiver seven and he did this  with volume he had 11.\
(03:23) 33 targets per game which was number one in the nfl and he did it as a rookie  and he had a 35.7 team target share which yet again was number one in the NFL, and he did it as a rookie, and he had a 35.7% team target  share, which yet again was number one in the NFL. Now, good news, bad news. Good news, there's  possibly a quarterback upgrade with accommodation of Russell Wilson, as well as Jackson Dart.\
(03:36)  Bad news is sportsbooks are still projecting the Giants to be a bottom five offense in the  league this year, and again, we have never seen a wide receiver in a bottom five offense going over the past 21 seasons finishes the top six wide receiver in fantasy football,  but maybe the giant surprise to the upside.\
(03:55)  And if they do Malik neighbors could be the wide  receiver one overall. And then last in this year is going to be Brian Thomas. If it wasn't for  Travis Hunter, I think you could put Brian Thomas at the very top of this tier because Brian Thomas  had to play a lot of last year with Mac Jones. And now you get a much better coaching staff coming in.  And Brian Thomas still managed to be the wide receiver 12 in points per game last season  as an elite prospect with a better quarterback and coaching staff now in 2025.\
(04:21)  So every single  one of these wide receivers, extremely exciting exciting if you're playing in a full  ppr format i'd be extremely happy to take them at the end of round one or even the middle of round  one now if you're playing in a non-ppr league there you probably push these guys down to round  two and prioritize instead going out there and grabbing the running backs like devon achan  derrick henry or ashton genti of course, we update the rankings every single day on FlockFantasy.com.\
(04:50)  And if you check out the Flock draft sheets, you'll actually see that you can get tailored  rankings to your exact league format, whether it's a 12-team league, 10-team league, half  PPR, full PPR, non PPR, because every different setting should have a difference rankings list  attached to it.\
(05:12)  And if you wanted to get access to all that stuff, plus all the player comparison  tools, the range of outcomes tools, the trade calculator, trade finder, updated weekly rankings  and rest of season rankings all the way until January 1st, it's all on flock fantasy.com.  We actually just dropped a $34 season pass,  which in my opinion is by far and away  the best deal you're ever gonna find.\
(05:29)  I think it's the best product in fantasy football  and at the cheapest cost somehow at the same time.  And if you use promo code FLOCK  with the link in the description or comment section,  you'll actually get myself to answer your start set questions  and your trade questions for free this season.  Now let's move this down to tier three, where we are going to be looking at Drake London,  AJ Brown, and Ladman Conkey.\
(05:53)  Drake London obviously has the massive blow up last year,  where he was wide receiver 14 end points per game. And he was extremely strong in the final  three weeks of the year when Michael Penix was under center. Now, I don't necessarily know if  we can say that we can extrapolate that small sample with Michael Penix just to this entire season.  I think that would be a little cheeky for us to do.\
(06:10)  But regardless, still an incredibly young player, about the same age as a rookie this year in RJ Harvey.  And you already had him finish as a high and wide receiver too last year.  I think you get natural progression, plus Darnell Mooney's banged up.  AJ Brown, I've been drafting a ton in round two in underdog drafts because I do think  that he can actually win you a tournament this year.\
(06:28)  I mean, hell, A.J. Brown won us 100,000  on underdog back in the day.  But A.J. Brown over the past two seasons  has had 16.9 fantasy points per game,  which would mark him wide receiver nine  over the past two years.  And he actually did this dominating targets in his offense.  31.\
(06:49) 9% of the Philadelphia Eagles targets over the past two seasons  puts A.J. Brown at the number two slot in target share  across the entire NFL over the past two years.  The issue is the Philadelphia Eagles last year  didn't have to throw the ball whatsoever  because Barkley had an MVP level season.  On top of that, you add one of the best defenses in the entire NFL  and they just boat raced every NFL team that they played against.\
(07:09)  So Jalen Hurts didn't have to drop  back a ton. However, if the Philadelphia Eagles do find themselves in a situation where they have to  throw the ball more this year, you could potentially get a much higher ceiling from AJ Brown. And then  with Ladd McConkie, I don't really just want to be looking at the entire rookie season because again, you're not  really seeing rookies dominate from week one, unless you're that Brian Thomas Malik neighbors  level player, which in that case, yes, you'll be around one pick in fantasy drafts the following\
(07:36)  season. So instead with Ladd McConkie, we are going to go to the player comparison on  flock fantasy.com and look at weeks nine through 17 where you'll see average 16.6 fantasy  points per game which was good for the wide receiver 15 and he averaged about 84 and a half  receiving yards per game which put him inside the top 10 receiving yards per game in the second half  of last season as a rookie now you do have trey harris coming into this offense plus quentin  johnson's young enough to potentially take a step in year three and at the same time\
(08:05)  rumors are right now they may be signing Keenan Allen which would probably not be great for Ladd  now going over to our next tier we have Tyreek Hill kicking us off now honestly with Tyreek  we may have to move him down because every little blurb that comes out from Miami seems like this  team's not super happy with the dude and And it's understandable. Tyreek Hill last year dropped some 23 fantasy points per game down to 12.\
(08:29)  And for a wide receiver in his 30s that relies on athleticism,  this is a major red flag.  And this honestly is going to cross Tyreek Hill off a lot of draft boards.  Now, you can excuse this away potentially saying,  okay, well, Tyreek Hill was banged up last year.  And at the same time, Tua was injured.\
(08:49)  And if we go back and look at what you had in 2023,  Tyree Kill averaged 23.5 points per game, was a league winner, and was the wide receiver two in  points per game. So what I decided to do is I decided to actually split the difference between  the last two seasons go. Maybe it was just the Tyree Kill injury, but I still definitely want  to knock all his stats, given how bad it was, and not just look at 2023 either.\
(09:10)  So if you average it out over the past  two years for Tyreek, he's finished with the wide receiver seven in points per game.  The efficiency obviously fell dramatically from 3.87 yards per outrun in 2023 to 1.91 yards per  outrun this past season. Now, if we're looking at T Higgins,  if you pull up his points per game by year, it's not super inspiring where 2023 is the wide  receiver 39, 2022 is the wide receiver 25. And it makes it look like this past season at 18.\
(09:39) 51  points per game was an outlier. The issue with T Higgins, and it always has been the issue,  is the dude cannot stay healthy.  I would argue he's the most injury-prone wide receiver  in the NFL.  And a lot of these games that he's injured,  he goes out there and he plays one snap.  He runs two routes.  And what it ends up doing is  it puts a goose egg in your fantasy  lineup and it drags down his points per game to make him look a lot worse than he actually is,  which is why we actually got lucky and we drafted a ton of T. Higgins this past year in underdog\
(10:08)  drafts. But regardless, if we go ahead and if we go to the player comparison tool on flogfantasy.com  and look over the past three years and take out every single week from T. Higgins where he did  not play at least 60% of the snaps, you'll see T. Higgins actually averages 16.\
(10:26) 6 fantasy points per game,  which would be good for the wide receiver 13 during that stretch. I mean, T Higgins is up  there top five in the NFL in total routes. That's just a big thing with the Cincinnati Bengals and  that they are going to be throwing the ball a ton with how this defense is situated.  Now I I'm not going to fault you if you opt to go with like a running back in this range instead,  because this wide receiver tier, you definitely have red flags with all these guys.\
(10:50)  JSN,  you potentially have some of the worst quarterback play in the NFL with Sam Darnold. We just frankly  don't know. He was the wide receiver nine in total fantasy points last year. But I want to say on the  record right now, if anybody's making an argument for a player and they are giving you  total fantasy points, total fantasy statistics, and they're going, oh, look, he had a hundred  receptions. He had almost 1200 receiving yards.\
(11:18)  It's spinning a narrative, right? It's yes,  he got lucky and he played 17 weeks, which is great for fantasy purposes. But in my opinion,  it's a lot better to be looking at points per game to see what this dude's actually doing  from a weekly perspective.  Points per game, he was the wide receiver 20.  He was a phenomenal prospect coming out of Ohio State.\
(11:33)  You get the massive breakout in year two,  which typically wide receivers  that had as bad of rookie seasons as JSN,  they really don't do much.  Nine times out of 10,  there'll be a bust.  One out of those 10 times,  you'll get that JSN level breakout in year two. So I love JSN. Don't get me wrong.\
(11:50)  And I am projecting him to get  better. You have no Metcalf. You have no Tyler Lockett here. So he should be able to get just  force fed targets. So despite him finishing as the wide receiver 20 and points per game last year,  I'm going to be ranking them up here at wide receiver 14. I'm Garrett Wilson. I know everybody  wants to go like, Ooh, Justin Fields was his quarterback in college.\
(12:10)  Ooh, Justin Fields, look what he did with DJ Moore  two years ago. And they'll ignore the fact that the vast majority of seasons for Justin Fields'  NFL career, he did not support a wide receiver one. Now, Garrett Wilson is extremely talented.  Don't get me wrong.\
(12:29)  But still at the same time, Garrett Wilson this past year and an offense that had a lot more  passing volume than it will with the jets this season. He was the wide receiver, 21 points per  game. If we look over the past two seasons for Garrett Wilson, he's averaged 13.7 fantasy points  per game. And he's the wide receiver 26. Some would argue that's very replaceable  production that you could get later in your draft.\
(12:49)  And right now, Justin Fields projects  at the very bottom of the NFL in total passing volume. Now going over and looking at Devontae  Adams with Adams, I understand the quarterback play is going to be better than he's had in years.  Matthew Stafford's much better than Aaron Rodgers at this point. Matthew Stafford is a hell of a lot better than anything he dealt with with the Raiders.\
(13:10)  But I do at least want to acknowledge with Adams, he's going to be 33 years old this season.  Over the past two years, you have seen the efficiency drop off pretty hard with his yards  per route run, where you go back to 2021, which is the last elite season that we had from Adams,  per route run, where you go back to 2021, which is the last elite season that we had from Adams,  where he's at 3.24 yards per route. And then that's come down over the past two seasons to 2.03 and 2.08. Over the past two years, he's been the wide receiver 13. I always have a hard time\
(13:37)  projecting like a 33 year old wide receiver to get better in fantasy football. Even if you have  the improved play with the quarterback situation  I understand why people are super excited though now going over to Marvin Harrison Marvin Harrison  was also a phenomenal prospect but right now Marvin Harrison's a little bit banged up in camp  and he had a garbage rookie season Marvin Harrison last year was the wide receiver 42 in points per  game he didn't particularly get better as the year went on either, which is a\
(14:05)  massive concern. And maybe in best ball drafts, he could be somewhat interesting because you can get  some spike weeks. But from a regular fantasy football perspective, the floor was incredibly  low. You're looking at week one, 1.4 fantasy points. Week five, 5.6. Week six, zero, week seven, 5.1, week nine, 3.4, week 12, 7.7, week 14, 8.9, week 15, 5.\
(14:31) 2,  week 16, 7.9. The situation's almost identical this year than it was last year. I know he gained  weight, but the issue with Marvin Harrison wasn't that, oh, he's not winning at the catch point.  The issue with Harrison is he just wasn't creating separation. So I don't know if gaining weight is going to help that.\
(14:47)  But of course,  Marvin Harrison knows a lot more about football than I do. So I'm going to go with his judgment  on this one that maybe it was a good thing, but I will be a little bit hesitant. I think  every wide receiver in tier four has red flags. We're in tier three and up. They just  simply don't. Now, tier five, we're going to start off with Xavier Worthy. I'm sorry.\
(15:05)  I like  Worthy a lot. I know if you just look at his raw points per game, maybe it's not the best. Yes,  we can look at weeks one through 17. He averaged 11.01 fantasy points per game, wide receiver 43.  But what I like to see is I like to see players get better as time goes on. So if we look at the  final eight weeks for Xavier Worthy's rookie season 13.9 fantasy points per game he's the wide receiver 29.\
(15:29)  you combine this with the fact  that he had the massive breakout in the nfl playoffs as well you combine this with the  fact that he was a 21 year old rookie round one nfl pick like xavier worthy had a better rookie  season than marvin harrison if you include what he was able to do in the playoffs xavier worthy  has much better quarterback play.\
(15:46)  At the moment, it looks like Rasheed Rice is going to be getting hit with a suspension.  So I think Worthy is going to be like a must-start wide receiver at the beginning of the year.  Now going over to Mike Evans, I would like to say,  okay, this dude's old like Devontae Adams.  We should bake in some negative regression.\
(16:01)  And honestly, we are.  Because right now, us ranking Mike Evans to the wide receiver 19,  like the dude hasn't finished this low since what, 2015?  Like starting in 2016, wide receiver one, nine, six, three, 12, 10, 12, nine, 11.  And that's points per game.  Every single year, he is a wide receiver one.\
(16:21)  I would say at some point, this is probably going to stop.  Now you have another round one NFL draft pick with Igbuka coming in. I know he's old, but he's gotten  better every year over the past four. Starting in 2021, 1.76 yards per route run. That goes up to  1.94. That goes up to 2.38. That goes up to 2.44. So Mike Evans has showed literally zero signs of slowing down.\
(16:45)  I'm going to rank him lower than where he's historically finished though, but just because  the dude is so old.  And then going over and looking at Terry McLaurin, Terry McLaurin gives you the big breakout  last year.  Y'all know we put out the video at the beginning of the season when Terry McLaurin was going  at the middle to early round three of underdog drafts, explaining why I really didn't like  that price tag.\
(17:03)  And we thought that we were going to see some touchdown regression, but now Terry McLaurin has actually  been falling to being a late fourth, early fifth round pick. And a hundred percent, I understand  the trade concerns, but ultimately I think that he is going to be a Washington commander this season.\
(17:16)  We'll see if I'm wrong. So I'm buying the dip on Terry McLaurin at this point. I think Terry  McLaurin and get them at the end of the fourth, the beginning of the fifth, honestly a great cost.  Terry McLaurin at this point. I think Terry McLaurin and get him at the end of the fourth,  the beginning of the fifth, honestly a great cost. Now going down to our next tier, tier six is going to be a massive one.\
(17:33)  And honestly, you can reorder these wide receivers in whatever order that you  want. Starting with DK Metcalf. I know DK Metcalf is built like Mason Dodd. I get it. The dude is a  freaking monster. Yes. I train him in the off season, but realistically, just because he looks like a Greek  God doesn't mean it translates to fantasy football production.\
(17:52)  We have seen DK Metcalf with a  multitude of coaching staffs with multiple different quarterbacks. And what is DK Metcalf  given you? He has given you four low and wide receiver two seasons. He has given you one low  and wide receiver three season, and he's given you one low and wide receiver two seasons.\
(18:07)  He has given you one low-end wide receiver three season,  and he's given you one low-end wide receiver one year.  And that one low-end wide receiver one year was back in 2020.  Now, the issue with DK Metcalf  is historically, he's not a high target earner.  Like, we can go through and we can see  over the past two seasons,  he's averaged 7.32 targets per game,  which would mark him 28th in the league.\
(18:26)  And maybe you'd say,  oh, Mason, maybe it's because Seattle didn't throw the ball. Well, actually his target share  was 36th in the NFL. Now I think that target share is going to go up this next season.  I think it's going to be better this year because he has nothing to go up against other than like  Roman Wilson and Calvin Austin for the Pittsburgh Steelers, where the passing volume in Pittsburgh is probably going to be one of the lowest in the NFL.\
(18:48)  Would you get kind of to say the same thing about Devonta Smith? The passing volume is probably  going to be one of the lowest in the NFL in Philadelphia, but Smith has already been dealing  with that. And over the past two years, Devonta Smith has been the wide receiver 18 and points  per game where DK Metcalf has been the wide receiver 29.\
(19:11)  Devonta Smith's been second in the NFL over the past two years and snap rate per game.  The issue again, going back to it is Philly doesn't throw the ball a ton, but if AJ Brown were to get injured, like if I'm submitting my week five wide receiver rankings on the site,  I probably put Devonta Smith as a borderline top six wide receiver at that point.\
(19:26)  So you have the contingent upside  if A.J. Brown were to go down.  And on top of that,  you're looking at the upside  of what if this team just has to throw the ball more?  What if you get a Barkley injury?  What if the defense is a little bit worse  or just they play games a little closer this year?  And I think Devonta Smith has a really high floor  and a really high ceiling.\
(19:43)  Now, Ted McMillan,  phenomenal prospect,  elite market share numbers.  And yes,  Bryce Young looked great at the end of last year.  Bryce Young didn't just look like an average NFL quarterback over the last month of the 2024 season.  He looked like a great QB.  Now,  realistically,  if we do take a step backwards and look at the largest sample we have of Young in the combination  of the 2023 and 2024 seasons, Bryce Young was the worst quarterback in the NFL, at least from  somebody who started at the beginning of 2023, all the way to the end of 2024. So I'm not ready\
(20:20)  to say like, oh, this Panthers offense is going to be good. It's definitely looking like it's going to be a hell of a lot better than it was early on, but I love Tet as a player. And I think  he's going to be one of the reasons why this offense doesn't prove. Corlin Sutton last year,  wide receiver 27 points per game, but I've actually liked drafting him a lot.\
(20:39)  Despite him being like  30 years old, I'm ranking him higher than where he finished last season because as Bo Nix improved  in the second half of the year, Corlin Sutton finished extremely strong last season. And on top  of this, while they bring in Pat Bryant and Evan Ingram, I don't think that's real competition for  Sutton. He should still be the alpha.\
(20:58)  Last year, he averaged almost eight targets per game, which  was good for 21st in the league. DJ Moore actually had more targets per game. The issue was just  Caleb was so inefficient. And DJ Moore was the wide receiver 15 and points per game. Now, the crazy thing for me here is  the coaching staff comes in and they immediately decide to draft Loveland with their first pick.\
(21:17)  And on top of that, they immediately decided to draft Luther burden with their second rounder.  And the news coming out of Chicago, this training  camp, you get a ton of hype surrounding Roma Dunze. Coaching staff is raving about Loveland,  raving about Luther Burden. It doesn't seem like they're that excited about DJ Moore.\
(21:35)  We actually had reports DJ Moore lining up as a running back, blah, blah, blah. That's not going  to happen. But I do think you should expect that the offense is a hell of a lot better,  but DJ Moore has a lower target share than what we saw last year at 28.4%, which would have marked him eighth in the NFL over the past two seasons.\
(21:53)  And then going over to Jalen Waddell, you can't really just look at Waddell over the past two years.  Obviously, it is all skewed to the splits with and without Tua.  I'm not breaking any news to you.  If we look over the past three seasons for Waddle, games where Tua has not played, Waddle  has averaged 8.\
(22:20) 8 fantasy points per game, which would mark him as the wide receiver 72 during  that time period. Now on the flip side of this, if we look at the games in which Tua has played  over the past three years, Waddle was the wide receiver 18. Now I was not drafting Waddle  frequently in round five before the Johnnie Smith trade, but now that Johnnie's out of Miami,  I think that this honestly should lead to a higher usage rate for Waddle.\
(22:41)  Jamison Williams is our next guy. Jamison, you get a pretty big breakout last year,  wide receiver 26 end points per game. And the new offensive coordinator here is raving about  Jamison Williams. I mean, this is probably the number one player with camp buzz at this point  in Detroit.\
(22:59)  And again, I want to stand by, I think that Jamison Williams is a phenomenal  real life receiver. I think that Jamison Williams may be the most valuable real life wide receiver  for the Detroit lions, but for fantasy football purposes, he averaged 6.1 targets per game last  season. He's more so that prototypical field stretching receiver. That's more valuable for  his NFL team than he is going to be for your fantasy team.\
(23:19)  Um, if we look at Rasheed Rice  at the end of his rookie year, incredible, like Rasheed Rice weeks 12 onwards, his rookie season,  24.7, 14.4, 18.2, 24.1, 11.7, 17.7 points.  We look at the start of 2024, 17.3, 18.5, 29.1.  Rasheed Rice looks like he is an alpha wide receiver  at the NFL level attached to the best passing quarterback  in the league.\
(23:50)  Now with that in mind, Rasheed Rice also is coming off  significant injury, which at this point doesn't look like it's that big of a concern,  but the suspension will be. So if Rasheed Rice only gets suspended for two, three, four weeks,  I promise you, we are going to be moving Rasheed Rice up dramatically in these rankings.  You tell me Rasheed Rice is only suspended for two weeks.\
(24:07)  I'm putting him up there as a low-end wide receiver one.  He's going to be in the same tier next to Tyreek Hill.  However, I do think that there's an outside chance we see a 10-game suspension for Rasheed Rice.  So we're just going to have to wait for the suspension news.  Going over and looking at George Pickens,  George Pickens is going to have  better quarterback play this year than he has ever seen in his NFL career.\
(24:30)  Dak Prescott is  significantly better than Russell Wilson was last year. Dak Prescott is significantly better than  what you had with Kenny Pickett in 2023, 2022. Now with that being said, I'm going to rank George  Pickens much higher in these rankings than he has ever finished in his NFL career.  We're going to rank him a wide receiver 29.\
(24:50)  Now, I know that seems weird.  Mason, you're saying you're ranking George Pickens higher than he's ever finished.  You're ranking him as a wide receiver three.  Well, yeah, I mean, most seasons.  he's a wide receiver four. His rookie year is the wide receiver 45. His second year wide receiver  35. His third year wide receiver 38. Quarterback play is going to be much improved.\
(25:10)  Passing volume  should be higher in this offense. But at the same time, you also do have much more target  competition with CeeDee Lamb. And the Pittsburgh Steelers have been very effective at identifying  when it's time to get rid of their wide receivers. Like outside of maybe Emmanuel Sanders,  when's the last time a wide receiver left Pittsburgh and was actually relevant?  Now going over and looking at our next wide receiver,  Calvin Ridley last season had 23.7% of his team's targets.\
(25:38)  Like the target share is fine, 27th in the league.  He was 24th in the NFL in targets per game.  The issue is you played in the league's worst offense. You played in the league's, on the league's worst team.  So everything hinges here with Cam Ward.\
(25:55)  If Cam Ward can come out, and I'm not saying it's going  to be rookie season, Jaden Daniels, you can never project that for a rookie. But if Cam Ward can  come out and be rookie season, CJ Stroud, rookie season Bo Nix, then  Calvin Ridley has a lot of room to run to the upside.  Now on the flip side of that, if you have Cam Ward face planning, Calvin Ridley is probably  going to be similar to what he was last year as an unusable wide receiver for.\
(26:19)  Now Zay Flowers last season was the wide receiver with 35 in points per game. And Lamar Jackson threw 41 passing touchdowns.  So it's not too exciting, but ultimately he did have a 25.7% team target share.  And at the same time, 2.33 yards per outrun, both improved from 2023 to 2024.  And at the same time, you have an Isaiah likely injury, which could funnel more targets to  the receivers.\
(26:44)  2024. And at the same time, you have an Isaiah likely injury, which could funnel more targets to the receivers. Looking at Travis Hunter, if you're using the expert rankings on flockfantasy.com,  you'll see that Travis Hunter is a lot higher than those, but I just can't know for sure what  the usage is going to be like with him on the defensive side of the ball.\
(27:00)  If you told me that  Travis Hunter played fewer than 15% of the snaps on the defensive side of the ball this year,  I would rank Travis Hunter up in that same tier as Tyreek Hill, but there's too  much downside risk in me telling you to draft Travis Hunter inside the first four rounds of  your fantasy football draft when he may just be playing the majority of snaps on defense.\
(27:21)  We don't know. And then going over to Roma do and say, again, I want to reiterate that the average expert rankings on flock fantasy.com have Rome ahead  of DJ more. I can't get behind it. I understand that there are so many parallels here between  Rome's rookie season and Jackson Smith and Jigba's rookie season, where you had the  improvement with the offensive play caller.\
(27:46)  And the same time you had the prospect that  we believed coming into the nfl was going to be a great fantasy asset but rome he face plants so hard  that out of the 17 games he played last year he had four of them where he scored 10 fantasy points.  Every other game was single digits. We go ahead and he was 50th in the NFL with his target share,  despite being 24th in the NFL with routes. He was 102nd in the NFL in yards per out run at 1.\
(28:22) 28  yards per route. It would be very different for me to rank Rome  if this coaching staff did not come in and say,  you know what we need to do with our first two picks  in the NFL draft?  Let's take some pass catchers for Caleb Williams.  That is my concern.  Now, with that being said,  Rome was an elite level prospect.\
(28:40)  There are a ton of parallels between him and JSN.  And at the same time,  he is getting all the positive buzz in Chicago. So if you wanted to go for him,  not going to fault you at all. Going down to tier eight, Jordan Addison may get suspended.  So we are going to have to rank him slightly lower than we would otherwise.\
(29:01)  Jordan Addison,  wide receiver, 25 in points per game last year. I mean, y'all know I drafted the hell out of him on underdog last season, felt very good about his price tag when he was going asison wide receiver 25 in points per game last year I mean y'all know I drafted the  hell out of him on underdog last season felt very good about his price tag when he was going as a  wide receiver four it was absurd he increased his target share in this offense increased his yards  per route run from year one to year two I increased his receiving yards per game he increased his\
(29:19)  targets per game he increased his receptions per game his fantasy points per game everything was  great for Jordan Addison last year the issue is we don't really know what the quarterback play is  going to be like. And yeah, the suspension. Going over and looking at Chris Alave. Alave was garbage  last season. Wide receiver 54 in points per game, but also obviously did not stay healthy.\
(29:39)  However,  we look over the past three years and every single season, Chris Alave has had at least two yards per  outrun. So the efficiencies remain.  The issue is right now,  the Saints project to be the second worst offense in the NFL.  The Browns project to be the worst,  which is why I'm going to have Jerry Judy down here,  wide receiver 36.\
(29:55)  I completely understand that you are ready to scream at me saying may  Jerry Judy is so much better than this. He was the wide receiver 24 last year after they traded  away Amari Cooper. He was a league winner and a hundred percent. I understand all that,  but realistically, if the passing volume is going to be this bad, I do not want anybody  in the saints offense. I do not want anybody in the Browns offense at wide receiver.\
(30:22)  We can go ahead and we can look at Jerry Judy's higher,  lower on underdog fantasy. It's at 3.5 receiving touchdowns, which you would think, oh, that's  crazy. That's a lock for the higher. Then you go and look and say, oh, well, Jerry Judy's played  five years in the NFL and three of them, he's had fewer than three and a half receiving touchdowns two of them he's gone higher and the  highest he's ever had is six like let's do some simple math here and I know we're spending way  too much time on Judy I just know that this is everybody's favorite sleeper and I want to be\
(30:58)  realistic here and just let you know he's had 15 receiving touchdowns in his NFL career.  And he has played a total of 74 games and his rookie season. He played 79% of the snaps.  So Jerry Judy's always played a lot. He's never scored touchdowns and he projects to be in the offense with the lowest team total. So I will be nervous going over and looking at Stefan Diggs.\
(31:27)  Stefan Diggs has never  finished lower than the wide receiver, 18 and fantasy points per game starting in his second  season. Now with that in mind, you're coming off a significant injury while yes, you're at camp.  And while yes, you are playing well right now. I, I don't know. You're this old coming off significant knee injury.\
(31:50)  And  we have seen the efficiency drop off over the past three years from 2.86 yards per out run down to 1.9  down from 9.3 yards per target to 7.8. Now looking at Debo Samuel, Debo Samuel, I think he  jammed a pinky, whatever the hell it is dealing  with a hand injury that we're gonna have to monitor but until we see Terry McLaurin back at  camp he's getting all the reps with Jaden Daniels at the moment and this does project to be one of  the best offenses in the league now going down to tier nine Ricky Pearsall many people thought\
(32:21)  that the Niners reached on Ricky Pearsall and he was not as good of a prospect as the round one NFL draft capital indicated.  But nonetheless, he's still got the round one NFL draft capital.  And at the same time, he flashed last season and he may be the only healthy Niners receiver.  Week one in this team projects to be a top five offense in the NFL, according to sports books.\
(32:43)  So I will say somebody's  going to have to catch the ball here. And for that reason, if you get Ricky Pearsall as your  wide receiver for go for it. Chris Godwin, we all know this dude was the wide receiver two and  points per game last season. You've heard it a thousand times.\
(33:00)  Also right now, his left ankle  is the size of honey boo-boos. So I think we have to be somewhat cautious that we're not going to see this dude for quite some time.  He had the second surgery in the spring,  which we were not aware about until a few weeks ago,  which is why we had to sadly move him down these ranks.  Josh Downs will be our next guy.\
(33:16)  Josh Downs has actually fallen in these rankings as well.  And the reason for that is it looks like Anthony Richardson  is trending towards being the starting quarterback  for the Indianapolis Colts.  So if you look at the expert average on the site, he's wide receiver 36, but I had to  move him down to my wide receiver 41 with the Richardson projection.\
(33:34)  Juwan Jennings, again, the Niners project score a ton of points.  Brandon Ayoub looks like he's not going to be ready anytime soon, but now Jennings is  dealing with his own calf injury.  Jacoby Myers, super  high floor, but the issue that you have is the offense projects to be the sixth lowest scoring  offense in the league. They have Ashton Gentry, so we're going to assume that they lean run heavy.\
(33:54)  You have Brock Bowers as the alpha number one target. You have Jack Besch that they just took  in round two. So I think the floor's relatively high with Jacoby Myers. The ceiling is going to be the issue.  Matthew Golden and Igbuka.  I think Igbuka is a much better player.  I just think that Matthew Golden has the very clear path to get on the field week one as  an every down player for the Green Bay Packers.\
(34:18)  Where Igbuka, you still have to deal with Mike Evans, who's going to be the alpha wide  receiver one.  And then late in the season, you should have Godwin as well.  Going down to tier 10, Jaden Reed.  My issue with Jaden Reed is I don't think he's going to play in two wide receiver sets.  I know a lot of people think that he is extremely talented,  indicated by the 2.35 yards per outrun, the 11.4 yards per target.\
(34:40)  But it's not just that the Packers threw the ball less this past season.  And that's why Jaden Reed got worse  because he fell from 13.57 points per game as a rookie  to 11.59 points per game as a second year player.  But he actually also fell with his target share.  He had 17.\
(35:00) 6% of the Green Bay Packers target  in his rookie season. And that fell to 16.2% in year two. And then this team goes out there and  they invest in Matthew Golden in round one. So I don't understand how you could rank Matthew  Golden behind Jaden Reed, which if you look at the expert rankings on the site, they have Jaden  Reed well ahead of Matthew Golden. They have Reed wide receiver 41, Matthew Golden wide receiver 47.\
(35:22)  I would say definitely take Golden between the two.  Shakir, I really wanted to flag plant, say this is my dude this season.  He improved dramatically from 2023 to 2024 in every statistical category that matters.  And I think you should have the Buffalo Bill surprising to the passing touchdown upside this year.\
(35:40)  But the issue with Shakir is now he has high ankle sprain and he's week to week.  So I may even move Shakir behind some of these other guys like Michael Pittman, Jr. Wide receiver, 47 points  per game last year, but he was playing with a broken back the previous three years, wide receiver,  13, 19, 24, going over and looking at Keon Coleman.\
(36:01)  Keon Coleman is now the wide receiver  one for the Buffalo bills with the Khalil Shakir injury.  Keon Coleman, 1.8 yards per outrun this past season.  And if we go over and we compare that to Roma Dunze, Roma Dunze was at 1.3.  Keon Coleman, 8.58 points per game.  Roma Dunze, 8.52.  So Keon wasn't as bad of a rookie as most people thought he was. Cooper cut back-to-back seasons as a low and wide receiver two in fantasy.\
(36:34)  But now you do have a significant drop off with  the quarterback play in the overall offensive environment. Plus you do have to go up against  JSN, who is the alpha wide receiver one. Brands and IUK, you can only draft if you're able to  throw them on your IR. You're not going  to have Iyuk at the beginning of the year.\
(36:49)  And then also Iyuk is not going to see any action  in training camp this year. No action in training camp last year. So the last time Brandon Iyuk  actually got ready for a season was the 2022 one. Darnell Mooney, highest he's ever finished  was the low and wide receiver three. And now you're dealing with the shoulder injury and you  have an alpha wide receiver target with London.\
(37:08)  And it's just too early to know if Michael Penix  is going to be good. Jaden Reed, good wide receiver prospect for this draft class,  potentially mid wide receiver prospect for another draft class. Like last year, I think he would  have just been lost in the mix with how good the wide receivers were. But realistically, he can very  easily be the wide receiver too in Houston immediately.\
(37:25)  And at the same time, this team may have to throw the ball a ton with the Joe Mixon injury.  But I think that's all I got for you.  Again, I'm going to consistently update these rankings on flockfantasy.com,  not only up until the season, but all the way until January 1st.  And if you want to get access to all the updated rankings, all the updated tiers,  I will leave the link in the description and comment section for flock fantasy.com.\
(37:49)  We have put together the best fantasy football product that you are possibly going to find.  And at the same time, we have made it the cheapest price that you were going to find.  You get four different draft guides from every creator on the site. You get my 50 draft sheets,  draft guides from every creator on the site you get my 50 draft sheets you get the trade calculator trade finder my team's page prospects page the range of outcomes tool the player comparison the  mock draft lobbies everything for 34 bucks one time fee and you have it until january 1st so\
(38:19)  use promo code flock and i'll also be answering your start set questions and your trade questions  for free during the season but i appreciate you and i hope we get to see you out with the live\
}